or not
[Music]
or they arrived before
the Italian that you are I hope you will
find wonder
I am the one that today they are going to
teach I come to show you how to prepare
a very rich very succulent snow that
I assure you that you will love it without
need of some machine not much
less we're just going to occupy two
ingredients plus the extra ingredient
that this is going to be the flavor that I had
loved that I had is to wish so
once you raised him to give him can he served
very good for our direction snow
We're going to need two cups of cream
to beat placed in a mold this
mold has to be sufficiently
big to be able to stir later
well as soon as I have space in my mold
to be able to stir the things that you
stay more or less the same
well we're going to need milk too
condensed one can approximately the
we will let spill everything on our
mixture
[Music]
as I am doing it
very well in this step is optional you can
add a teaspoon of syrup
Vanilla but it's only if you want this
It will give you a better taste
[Music]
very good and finally we are going to mix
or to stir all our ingredients
very very well until we have one
mix as it is with a consistency not
so thick and not so light
we have our mixture around 3 to
4 hours to the freezer and ready we have
list our snow only that I
I'm going to teach you how to make different flavors
to vary it
I'm going to teach you how to do the
flavor cookies and green for this we go
to occupy a package of cookies type
oreo placed in a mold these
We are going to crush cookies with a
glass this does not have to be
completely in powder only with that
some pieces remain even if they are
large chunks does not matter if like this one
We are going to place 3 large spoons
of our mix and after this you
let's stir everything until we do not
is any kind of crumb or powder is
the mixture take the freezer
around 13 to 4 hours and ready
we have our cookies snow list
and cream
do not forget to cover it
the next flavor is going to be one of milk
so we put the snow mixture
all that we want
[Music]
in this case I put 2 tablespoons
let's put our burnt milk in
circles
The more milk you put, the more
sweet will be
let's stir it slowly and with
very careful
so that only one line remains
but completely coffee we will add more
snow
and again more milk so we will go
going up to the amount that you want to
this taste of snow is very delicious
and ready go to the freezer
the next flavor is nutella flavor
so I only add one
scoop and a tablespoon of nutella
but you can add the whole amount
what do you want for the amount of snow
What do you want, that is, I recommend that you
do with the blender because it will be very
difficult to do with the spoon since it is
very thick until you have more or
less of this color if you want it
you can continue to add snow and
again nutella but with me that's how it is
well we will take it to a mold we will cover
and to the freezer also from 3 to 4 hours
the next taste of the ultra
I recommend it 's strawberry flavor so
let's put a cup of strawberries in the
blender too what will you put a
large spoonful of sugar or an envelope of
sugar substitute and you'll start to
stir it up little by little we do not need
that we have no liquid left so if
if you try you can shake it a bit like
me but I recommend you not to be any
liquid that is somewhat thick or
a very good pieces of stub
We will take our mixture to a mold
we will add our snow again
about 3 tablespoons three
scoops per cup of snow
so make sure you get the
enough snow will start until
stir it slowly until it fits
a consistency more or less similar to
is placed in a mold this mold is not
is for itself to the freezer again and
ready we have our snow ready and
now we are going to prove that there is the
A rich
if you like the video please
alemany is up subscribe in the
button on the screen that I'm going to place
right here here and here and follow us
in these social networks which are
they find it down here in the description
they share with all your friends that
would help too much when we go to the
comment box would you like to know
some special flavor some special
that you love to say sound wave the
video with pleasure but you can
explain I want to send you a big greeting
and a big hug abigail aragon and
adriana rodríguez which many
thanks for watching my videos in
many many thank you very much indeed you
I answered without all of you station no
existed so I told you your life that
talk you make videos but youtube and no longer
you know where else to share your videos
then I have you here in the description
of a link from a community that we are
creating for it to become the
largest youtube community
this consists of youtubers
monterrey-mexico and latinos where you
You can go to share your content and
be part of this great community here
I have a video of what we face
to our types of communities
[Applause]
again a kiss is a kiss
to tongue language
and reaches 100 likes, they buy me a flat
of a thousand reproductions paints my hair
purple is everything